hey y'all so as you can tell by the
stylish food city grocery bag that I
have in my head this is going to be a
take two of my hair color extravaganza
last week I had recorded a video when I
had colored my hair and I had done
burgundy mixed with a dark brown my
results have come out pretty good I'd
used the Revlon color silk brand you can
look back on my previous videos and see
what I used basically I was wanting to
go brown with some reddish burgundy
undertones so I mixed the two colors
together and because I had some blonde
in my hair and I didn't want to you know
turn my hair a fire-engine red or purple
or anything like that so I mixed them
both together and my result wasn't bad
it had turned my hair brown but the
problem was is that where my new growth
was at my roots it turned red but it
wasn't bad it was it was not you know
like really really really red it was
just like a pretty burgundy it was
really shiny you know it really wasn't
bad problem was as I was showering from
day to day my color was literally just
washing down the drain okay like every
time I was getting by tub like it was
look like a slaughtered someone because
I mean it's just all this red what's
going down the drain and I'm one of
these types of people I have to wash my
hair every day okay I can't stand to not
wash my hair and if I don't wash it
every day it's if I just haven't left
the house if it's clean and I haven't
done anything and I look cannot go more
than one day though without washing it
and if I use any kind of product or
anything I'm just I'm one of them I just
can't do it
so I learned real quick
that this color wasn't going to work for
me because I washed my hair too much and
it was just fading and I was already
starting to see a blonde coming through
so what I did is I went with the same
color or the same brand of color and the
L'Oreal color silk it's in 20 and it's
brown black and because my this part of
my hair down here was already so dark so
I got one bottle of that and just mainly
went over my roots real good where
wherever the you could really see the
red because you couldn't see it except
like where my new growth was and then I
just combed the rest of it 3 real good
and so I've had it on for about 15
minutes I'm going to leave it on for
like another 10 minutes and then wash it
out and you know hopefully I'll have
good coverage and everything will be
cool but so yeah my my advice would be
now it was a gorgeous color and I would
totally dye my hair that color you know
all over but it's just if you're gonna
do any kind of red it takes a lot of
maintenance and even though this wasn't
like red red if you're going to wash
your hair a lot and you use a lot of
product in your hair you're going to
have a lot of maintenance it's going to
fade really quick and I'm Elise has
people on the mom I have it almost
two-year-old and I don't have a lot of
time for you know a lot of maintenance
with my hair which is the number one
reason why I'm going back all one color
and dark anyway you know I had blond
highlights before but you know it's
right here at the holidays and I just
don't have a ton of money to go and pay
to get my hair done you know and I'm
trying to grow it back out from where
I've had it short so I want to get it
all one color so I can grow back out but
yeah I mean it was really pretty it just
it was going to work so I will record
another video you know once I get it
colored and show you all the results and
you know wants us to dry it and
everything and but yeah so
mother to videos turned out good but
just faded you quick so now I'm doing
the Revlon color silk 20 and brown black
so I will let you all know how it turns
out
thanks